<div style='font-size:36px; text-align:center;'><b>The Little Book of Stoicism</b></div>
<p style='text-align:end;'> \- by _Jonas Salzgeber_<p>
____
<br>
““If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _17_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:43:51 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living, therefore, must have good knowledge of how to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:38 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:42 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living, therefore, must have good knowledge of how to live.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:53 AM </span><br><br>“Promise #1: Eudaimonia “Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:49:42 AM </span><br><br>““Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:49:46 AM </span><br><br>“For the Stoics and all other schools of ancient philosophy, the ultimate goal of life was eudaimonia, to become good (eu) with your inner daimon.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:50:29 AM </span><br><br>“action—you can only be good with your daimon when your moment-to-moment actions are in harmony with your ideal self.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:52:27 AM </span><br><br>“Eudaimonia refers more to the overall quality of someone’s life rather than a temporary mood such as happiness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:52:43 AM </span><br><br>““To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:53:43 AM </span><br><br>“just because life slaps, kicks, spits, and knocks us out doesn’t mean we should give up and leave, it means we should get back up and keep on getting better. Such is life—it’s like our boxing ring, punches and kicks are what we’ve signed up for, this is our discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:38 AM </span><br><br>“just because life slaps, kicks, spits, and knocks us out doesn’t mean we should give up and leave, it means we should get back up and keep on getting better. Such is life—it’s like our boxing ring, punches and kicks are what we’ve signed up for, this is our discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:42 AM </span><br><br>““Unharmed prosperity cannot endure a single blow,” says Seneca, but a man who has gone through countless misfortunes “acquires a skin calloused by suffering.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:53 AM </span><br><br>“strong emotions as our ultimate weakness; especially when we let them dictate our behavior.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _23_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:57:29 AM </span><br><br>“what makes insults hurtful isn’t their content, but our interpretation of those insults.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _24_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:58:42 AM </span><br><br>“They acknowledged that desires and emotions are part of nature, but we have it within our power to rise above them and not get (too) disturbed by them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:24 AM </span><br><br>““A brave man isn’t someone who doesn’t experience any trace of fear whatsoever but someone who acts courageously”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:46 AM </span><br><br>““A brave man isn’t someone who doesn’t experience any trace of fear whatsoever but someone who acts courageously despite feeling anxiety.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:49 AM </span><br><br>“euthymia, which gets translated as tranquility, is all about knowing your path and walking that path.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _27_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 3:56:53 PM </span><br><br>““Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _33_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 4:06:22 PM </span><br><br>““It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _35_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 4:09:25 PM </span><br><br>““The blazing fire makes flames and brightness out of everything thrown into”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _36_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:14:11 PM </span><br><br>““The blazing fire makes flames and brightness out of everything thrown into it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _36_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:14:16 PM </span><br><br>“Live with Areté: Express your highest self in every moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:34:17 PM </span><br><br>“At all times, we need to focus on the things we control, and take the rest as it happens.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:41:56 PM </span><br><br>“What’s important for our flourishing is what we choose to do with the given external circumstances.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:43:00 PM </span><br><br>““A good character is the only guarantee of everlasting, carefree happiness.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _38_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:26 PM </span><br><br>“the philosopher behind the website optimize.me, translates areté: “Expressing the highest version of yourself moment to moment to moment.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:45 PM </span><br><br>““Expressing the highest version of yourself moment to moment to moment.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:50 PM </span><br><br>“Living with areté is about trying to reach the higher line and express what you’re capable of in this very moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:45:37 PM </span><br><br>“Think of areté or virtue as a form of wisdom or strength that helps you do the appropriate thing at all times,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:46:51 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your highest self and will live a happy and smoothly flowing life. If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:19 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:22 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:27 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your highest self and will live a happy and smoothly flowing life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:35 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself, this will create space for regret and anxiety to crawl out of the darkness and spread misery.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:54:52 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself, this will create space for regret and anxiety to crawl out of the darkness and spread misery.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:54:55 PM </span><br><br>“a person’s virtue depends on their excellence as a human being, on how well they perform their natural potential.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:20:40 AM </span><br><br>“Your natural potential lies in your highest version of yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _41_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:21:59 AM </span><br><br>“We negate our very humanity and fall to the state of a sheep when we let our actions become impulsive and inconsiderate.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _41_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:22:28 AM </span><br><br>“we don’t need to be perfect for the Stoics, but we can at least try to be as good as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _43_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:24:40 AM </span><br><br>“Wisdom is about understanding how to act and feel appropriately.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:25:50 AM </span><br><br>“Justice is about knowing how to act and feel well in our relationships with others.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:09 AM </span><br><br>“Courage is about knowing how to act and feel correctly when facing fearful situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:16 AM </span><br><br>“Self-Discipline (or temperance) is about knowing how to act and feel right, despite emotions such as strong desire, inner resistance, or lust.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:30 AM </span><br><br>“virtue is essentially one form of practical wisdom: to know what’s the appropriate thing to do, and to actually”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:27:49 AM </span><br><br>“virtue is essentially one form of practical wisdom: to know what’s the appropriate thing to do, and to actually do it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:27:53 AM </span><br><br>“nobody will ever be perfect in all their actions and, as long as we’re trying our best, this doesn’t matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:29:53 AM </span><br><br>“The world isn’t black and white, we can’t always tell what the right thing to do is, but we can always try to act with our best intention.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:29:59 AM </span><br><br>“for the Stoics, it’s always the whole package that counts. Virtue is an all-or-nothing package.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:30:50 AM </span><br><br>“focused attention and continuous self-observation is necessary if we actively want to align our actions with virtue,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:33:32 AM </span><br><br>“As we let our thoughts drift away, our actions become mindless, we stumble into folly, and give away our best chance for eudaimonia as we’re far off from being our best in this very moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:33:43 AM </span><br><br>“Being a person of virtue really means to excel at one’s character and always trying to do your best and what’s generally honorable and praiseworthy.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:35:19 AM </span><br><br>“it’s important that these positive feelings should not be the primary motives of our virtuous actions. The positive feelings should be looked at as added bonuses.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:36:11 AM </span><br><br>“You should act virtuously because it’s the right thing to do and not because it will benefit you in some way or another.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:36:36 AM </span><br><br>““just as the vine passes on to bear grapes again in due season.” It’s in our nature to do good to others, and we should do it for its own sake.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _49_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:37:53 AM </span><br><br>“we couldn’t exist without the help of others. Therefore, when we do good to others, we actually benefit ourselves.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _50_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:55:30 AM </span><br><br>“Benefiting others is a form of virtue, and it ultimately benefits ourselves as virtue is its own reward.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _50_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:55:36 AM </span><br><br>“Marcus Aurelius beautifully reminds himself that a lamp shines until its fuel is fully spent. So why shouldn’t his truth, justice, and self-control shine until he’s extinguished?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:21 AM </span><br><br>“let’s light our lamps of virtue and let them shine by expressing our highest versions for as long as we may exist.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:27 AM </span><br><br>““What is it then to be properly educated? It is learning to apply our natural preconceptions to the right things according to Nature, and beyond that to separate the things that lie within our power from those that don’t.” – Epictetus”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:59 AM </span><br><br>““make the best use of what is in our power, and take the rest as it happens.” This idea is the cornerstone of Stoic philosophy, and therefore”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:59:52 AM </span><br><br>““make the best use of what is in our power, and take the rest as it happens.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:59:56 AM </span><br><br>“Isn’t that exactly what many people do by worrying about stuff outside their own control?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:00:42 PM </span><br><br>“that’s the root cause of emotional suffering, to worry about outside events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:00:48 PM </span><br><br>“Stoics would tell us to take that imaginary voodoo doll back into our own hands, and let ourselves decide when to get kicked around and not.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:01:01 PM </span><br><br>“three levels of influence”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:02:33 PM </span><br><br>“independence, simplicity, discretion, magnanimity.” We”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:03:21 PM </span><br><br>“It’s within our power to prevent viciousness, curb our arrogance, stop lusting after fame, and control our temper.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:03:26 PM </span><br><br>“It’s within our power to choose our behavior, even if everything else is not or only partially within our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:04:21 PM </span><br><br>“For it is futile and therefore foolish, said Epictetus, to worry about things that are not up to us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:55:53 AM </span><br><br>“pain they have caused for themselves and others. But they can accept the past and try to change the”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:56:09 AM </span><br><br>“accept the past and try to change the now and the future by focusing on the choices they’re making right now.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:56:12 AM </span><br><br>“process focus—to focus on the process (under our control), instead of the desired outcome (not under our control).”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _55_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:58:41 AM </span><br><br>“Success, then, is defined by our effort to do everything that’s within our power.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _55_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:59:18 AM </span><br><br>“The Stoic archer succeeds in the process and is ready to take any outcome with equanimity and calm confidence, knowing they’ve tried their very best.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:59:58 AM </span><br><br>“anxiety and inner disturbance come from wanting things out of our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:01:39 AM </span><br><br>“the root cause of emotional suffering comes from worrying about things outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:01:51 AM </span><br><br>“Way of the Peaceful Warrior. Events can give us physical pain, but suffering and inner disturbance only come from resisting what is, from fighting with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _57_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:02:58 AM </span><br><br>“suffering and inner disturbance only come from resisting what is, from fighting with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _57_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:03:01 AM </span><br><br>“The Stoics want us to cultivate acceptance to whatever happens because most events happen without us having a say in the matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:05:36 AM </span><br><br>“there are many things in our lives we can’t control. Either”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:10 AM </span><br><br>“there are many things in our lives we can’t control. Either we accept the situation and try to make the best with it, or we fight it like a stubborn baby and end up crying and feeling miserable. It’s our choice.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:13 AM </span><br><br>““Seek not for events to happen as you wish but rather wish for events to happen as they do and your life will go smoothly.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:48 AM </span><br><br>“Events do not happen as they do regardless of your actions, but rather depending on your actions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _59_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:07:57 AM </span><br><br>“Crucially, only the things which are up to us can be either good or bad, and all those that aren’t up to us get classified as indifferent.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _60_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:10:14 AM </span><br><br>“we should learn to be indifferent toward indifferent things,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _61_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:12:49 AM </span><br><br>“preferred indifferents. If we could choose, we’d always take the better options.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:13:22 AM </span><br><br>““Love conquers all” might be romantic and make good films, but it’s precisely the opposite of the Stoic priorities—not even love should be traded if the price is the compromising of your character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:25 AM </span><br><br>“seek friendship, as long as it doesn’t need you to break with virtue. It’s better to endure loneliness, sickness, and poverty in an honorable”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:38 AM </span><br><br>“seek friendship, as long as it doesn’t need you to break with virtue. It’s better to endure loneliness, sickness, and poverty in an honorable manner than to seek friendship, health, and wealth in a shameful one.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:43 AM </span><br><br>“The ultimate goal is eudaimonia—a happy and smoothly flowing life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:23:18 AM </span><br><br>“While the outcome can be prevented by external events, the process and our intentions are completed in the present moment and cannot be prevented by anything outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:24:06 AM </span><br><br>““The wise man looks to the purpose of all actions, not their consequences; beginnings are in our power but Fortune judges the outcome, and I do not grant her a verdict upon”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:25:07 AM </span><br><br>““The wise man looks to the purpose of all actions, not their consequences; beginnings are in our power but Fortune judges the outcome, and I do not grant her a verdict upon me.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:25:12 AM </span><br><br>“What Epictetus describes here is exactly what we today call conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:46 AM </span><br><br>“What Epictetus describes here is exactly what we today call conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you can walk for miles and miles but won’t get any closer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:49 AM </span><br><br>“conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you can walk for miles and miles but won’t get any closer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:55 AM </span><br><br>“is never possible to make happiness consistent with a longing after what is not present. For true happiness implies the possession of all which is desired, as in case of satiety with food; there must be no thirst, no hunger.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:27:11 AM </span><br><br>““There are three things in your composition: body, breath, and mind,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:01 AM </span><br><br>““The first two are yours to the extent that you must take care for them, but only the third is in the full sense your own.” Only the mind is truly yours. Only the mind is within the Stoic”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:06 AM </span><br><br>““The first two are yours to the extent that you must take care for them, but only the third is in the full sense your own.” Only the mind is truly yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:10 AM </span><br><br>““Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.” Something happens (stimulus) and then we react to it (response).”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:12 AM </span><br><br>“Viktor Frankl, who says in his book A Man’s Search for Meaning, “Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:17 AM </span><br><br>““Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:21 AM </span><br><br>“Awareness, mindfulness, or attention as the Stoics call it, is necessary for you to be able to step in between stimulus and response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:36:41 AM </span><br><br>“If we generally go with our default reactions, we’ll always be dependent on what happens around us;”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _69_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:37:38 AM </span><br><br>“The freedom of choice, or how the Stoics call it, reasoned choice, is really about actively choosing our response rather than”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:39:12 AM </span><br><br>“The freedom of choice, or how the Stoics call it, reasoned choice, is really about actively choosing our response rather than reactively going with the default response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:39:26 AM </span><br><br>“happiness depends more on what we make of what happens rather than what happens in the first place.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:40:38 AM </span><br><br>“and no matter what challenge you’re facing (dog shit or $10 bill), your”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:41:51 AM </span><br><br>“your freedom of choice will always be available to you; you just need to spot your first impression, avoid shitting a brick, take a step back instead, evaluate the situation, and choose your wisest response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:41:59 AM </span><br><br>“No matter where you are (prison or palace), and no matter what challenge you’re facing (dog shit or $10 bill), your freedom of choice will always be available to you; you just need to spot your first impression, avoid shitting a brick, take a step back instead, evaluate the situation, and choose your wisest response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:42:05 AM </span><br><br>“We must recognize the fact that we’re response-able to choose how to respond to situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:42:19 AM </span><br><br>“there are automatic reactions we don’t control. These are reflex-like emotional reactions to some impressions such as blushing, sweating, tension, tears, or startling.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:18 AM </span><br><br>“Even if you don’t control these immediate reflexive reactions, you have the power to control what comes next: go along with the impression or step back, evaluate the situation, and choose a response consistent with your values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:29 AM </span><br><br>“Disturbed or Invincible: That’s Up to You “Men”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:40 AM </span><br><br>““Men are disturbed not by the things which happen, but by the opinions about the things.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:43 AM </span><br><br>“words are an important take-away from what we’ve just learned: External”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:52 AM </span><br><br>“External events are not within our power but they offer an area we control; we have the power to choose what these events mean to us, and it’s our choices that matter, not the events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:45:06 AM </span><br><br>“The situation itself (exile) does not make us unhappy, it may cause physical pain in certain situations, but it’s the story about the situation (it’s terrible) that causes the trouble.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:25 AM </span><br><br>“Good or bad can only be found in your judgments and actions, not in external events. The troubled mind comes from judging an”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:32 AM </span><br><br>“Good or bad can only be found in your judgments and actions, not in external events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:34 AM </span><br><br>“The exact same event can be interpreted in so many different ways and arouse complete opposite feelings.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:48:39 AM </span><br><br>“A broken glass is a broken glass. It’s your judgment (“Duh, I’m so clumsy”) that makes you feel like a loser.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:49:30 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t blame the event, blame your reactive self for feeling how you feel. The cause lies in your judgment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:49:40 AM </span><br><br>“Only your judgment can harm you. No matter what uncontrollable challenges you’re facing in life, you have the power to decide what these events mean to you, only you have the freedom to choose your best reaction. Your reaction will either delight or harm you.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:08 AM </span><br><br>“Only your judgment can harm you. No matter what uncontrollable challenges you’re facing in life, you have the power to decide what these events mean to you, only you have the freedom to choose your best reaction.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:12 AM </span><br><br>“there is nothing good or bad unless we choose to make it so,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:23 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t try to lead events but follow them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:27 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t try to lead events but follow them. Resistance is futile, take things as they come, and make the best of what’s in your power.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:33 AM </span><br><br>““Once [anger] begins to carry us away, it is hard to get back again into a healthy condition, because reason goes for nothing once passion has been admitted to the mind”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:57 AM </span><br><br>“once the enemy has entered the mind, reason is gone. It’s one or the other, reason or passion; when passion is at the”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 9:10:11 AM </span><br><br>“once the enemy has entered the mind, reason is gone. It’s one or the other, reason or passion; when passion is at the steering wheel, reason is tied up and gagged in the trunk.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 9:10:14 AM </span><br><br>“with the emotion in the driver’s seat, and with something inside feeling bad, our number one priority (unconsciously) becomes to feel better, and we automatically seek relief of the pain we’re feeling.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Thursday, September 29, 2022 3:11:02 PM </span><br><br>“The negative emotion orders us to do what makes us feel better and relieve the pain in the present moment, regardless of our values and long-term goals.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Thursday, September 29, 2022 3:11:12 PM </span><br><br>“The problem with these emotions is not that they exist, but that they overwhelm us so that we end up doing the opposite of what we ought to do.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _77_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:57:08 AM </span><br><br>“our rational actions are at the root of our happiness, therefore we can’t live a happy life when we let strong emotional disturbances dictate our actions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _77_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:57:18 AM </span><br><br>“Because of our evolution, we see obstacles much better than opportunities.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _78_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:59:50 AM </span><br><br>““Passion is produced no otherwise than by a disappointment of one's desires.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _78_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:03:23 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness, poverty, and ridicule as bad and hindering to the happy”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:47 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:49 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness, poverty, and ridicule as bad and hindering to the happy life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:56 AM </span><br><br>““The majority of ordinary people lack fulfillment and peace of mind because their values are confused and internally conflicted.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:07:03 AM </span><br><br>“as long as we’re afraid of not getting what we want and feel bad about not getting it—we’re only a puppet to our emotions,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _80_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:08:14 AM </span><br><br>“doing the right thing is enough, it’s a reward in itself,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _81_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:11:07 AM </span><br><br>“unawareness is so dangerous: While being unaware, we can’t observe and recognize our first impressions and would mindlessly follow along.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _81_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:12:30 AM </span><br><br>“being aware will reduce the times we get taken over by negative emotions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _82_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:13:52 AM </span><br><br>“Epictetus’ advice to endure and renounce in everyday situations: We should endure what we irrationally fear and dislike with courage and perseverance. We should renounce (or abstain from) what we irrationally crave through discretion and self-discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _82_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:16:14 AM </span><br><br>“Awareness might not be enough to always act accordingly to our values, but it surely buys you time and delay, so you see the situation clearly and can at least try to make the rational decision.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _83_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:17:29 AM </span><br><br>“"What would have become of Hercules, do you think, if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _85_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:25:07 PM </span><br><br>“him, and fits him for his own service.” All the adversities you’re facing in your life, these are tests. It’s mere training.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:25:59 PM </span><br><br>“All the adversities you’re facing in your life, these are tests. It’s mere training.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:26:02 PM </span><br><br>“the most important prerequisite is to be aware of what’s going on. Because Stoic philosophy is a lot about how we react to what happens in the world around us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:27:03 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You have to catch yourself doing it before you can correct”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:42 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:44 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You have to catch yourself doing it before you can correct it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:58 PM </span><br><br>“It’s up to us. Either we’re willing to invest and reap the benefits, or we’re not and risk wasting our lives.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _88_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:44:34 PM </span><br><br>“self-discipline is like a muscle. The more you use it, the stronger it will get.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:45:07 PM </span><br><br>“if friends do mock you for trying to improve yourself you might want to rethink those friendships.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:45:47 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t mention that you’re into Stoicism, just live by it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:46:17 PM </span><br><br>“If we resist reality, if we think things are going against us, if we fight with what is, then we will suffer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:22 PM </span><br><br>““If this is the will of nature, then so be it.” That’s a maxim the Stoics lived by. Today, we have the similar”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:37 PM </span><br><br>““If this is the will of nature, then so be it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:40 PM </span><br><br>“If we resist what happens, then we get dragged behind just like that dog. That’s called suffering.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:49:31 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t fight with reality, but bring your will into harmony with it, and focus on where your power lies.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _92_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:51:21 PM </span><br><br>“Just like you take some medicine when a doctor tells you to, we should take external events as they are, because they’re like the medicine there to help us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _93_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:52:34 PM </span><br><br>“The reserve clause implies two points: Do your very best to succeed . . . . . . and simultaneously know and accept that the outcome is beyond your direct control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _94_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:11 PM </span><br><br>“Know that sometimes things will not go your way even if you do your best, and regardless of whether you deserved it or not.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:44 PM </span><br><br>“What Stands in the Way Becomes the Way”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:53 PM </span><br><br>“In every challenge lies an opportunity for growth.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:58:17 PM </span><br><br>“Whenever something gets in the way, use that obstacle to practice your most important goal—to live with areté, to express the highest version of yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:59:40 PM </span><br><br>“you from doing this. You will continue to make progress, and there will always be new obstacles, ahem, opportunities presenting themselves.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:59:51 PM </span><br><br>“there will always be new obstacles, ahem, opportunities presenting themselves. It’s within your control to use them as fuel and practice your skills.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:00:02 PM </span><br><br>“Ultimately, it’s never the challenges that matter, but how you perceive them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:00:20 PM </span><br><br>“You can always try to turn obstacles upside down and find a way to respond with virtue.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:26 PM </span><br><br>“This is just showing that you always have a choice. Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:39 PM </span><br><br>“This is just showing that you always have a choice. Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:42 PM </span><br><br>“Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:46 PM </span><br><br>““When giving your child or wife a kiss, repeat to yourself, ‘I am kissing a mortal.’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:02:02 PM </span><br><br>“Remind Yourself of the Impermanence of Things”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:02:12 PM </span><br><br>“Things are changing constantly. Life is ephemeral—people we care about may be snatched from us in a snap, without warning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:04:59 PM </span><br><br>“Life is ephemeral—people we care about may be snatched from us in a snap, without warning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:05:07 PM </span><br><br>“Things are in constant change, they flow past—new things come and flow past.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:00 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s appreciate what we have now because it might be gone tomorrow. Life is impermanent.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:08 PM </span><br><br>“Learn to enjoy stuff and people without feeling entitled to them, without clinging.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:30 PM </span><br><br>“Knowing that nothing lasts makes you less attached and it becomes easier to accept when things change or when you lose what you love.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:08:08 PM </span><br><br>“Many things that happen to us we cannot change. But we can adopt a noble spirit to bear up bravely with all the changes nature sends our way, and bring our will into harmony with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:27 PM </span><br><br>“Things come and go. Nothing lasts.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:46 PM </span><br><br>““I am not eternal, but a human being; a part of the whole, as an hour is of the day. Like an hour I must come and, like an hour, pass”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:56 PM </span><br><br>““I am not eternal, but a human being; a part of the whole, as an hour is of the day. Like an hour I must come and, like an hour, pass away.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:10:00 PM </span><br><br>““you have lived your life. Now take what’s left and live properly.” Living as if it’s our last day is not about living a frivolous lifestyle with drugs, blackjack, and hookers. It’s about periodically reflecting on the fact that you will not live forever, you’re mortal, and you might not wake up the next morning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:11:10 PM </span><br><br>“We’re not prepared to deal with such losses. We think we own those things and only realize we don’t once they’re gone.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:15:15 PM </span><br><br>“we can’t handle such losses because we’re unaware of the possibility to lose those things in the first place.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:15:31 PM </span><br><br>““it is a sorry debtor who abuses his creditor.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:16:25 PM </span><br><br>“If you would not have a man flinch when the crisis comes, train him before it comes.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:17:49 PM </span><br><br>“Negative Visualization: Foreseeing Bad Stuff”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:17:52 PM </span><br><br>““It is precisely in times of immunity from care that the soul should toughen itself beforehand for occasions of greater stress,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:01 PM </span><br><br>“Negative visualization is an imagination exercise in which you foresee bad stuff.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:26 PM </span><br><br>“The Stoics used negative visualization to train themselves to maintain equanimity and cope well even in challenging situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:40 PM </span><br><br>“Think of this thought training as foresight. Before you go out and do something, ask yourself: What could go wrong? What obstacle could pop up? Where could I face difficulties?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:09 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor of how unlikely we considered that event in the first”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:30 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:33 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor of how unlikely we considered that event in the first place.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:42 PM </span><br><br>“practice—no external misfortune can truly be bad because it’s outside our control. Only our reaction to it can be good or bad,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:30 PM </span><br><br>“Reminding yourself of the impermanence of things, of your own mortality, and that everything you have is only borrowed, are all forms of negative visualization.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:46 PM </span><br><br>““Fortune falls heavily on those for whom she’s unexpected. The one always on the lookout easily endures.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:51 PM </span><br><br>“three forms of voluntary discomfort:”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:21:36 PM </span><br><br>“Temporary Poverty: Seneca recommends spending a few days a month to live as if impoverished,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:22:05 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness run because it’s raining. 3. Purposefully Forgo Pleasure: Instead of getting”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:22:57 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:02 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness run because it’s raining.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:06 PM </span><br><br>“put himself on a rationed diet. You can do such things, too. For example, underdress for cold weather while knowing that you’ll feel uncomfortably cold. Pretend your bed is full of spiders and sleep a night on the floor. Imagine there’s no hot water and take a cold shower.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:25 PM </span><br><br>“Get Yourself in Uncomfortable Situations:”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:30 PM </span><br><br>“Instead of getting in uncomfortable situations, just forgo pleasures.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:30 PM </span><br><br>“This may sound anti-pleasure but it’s actually training you to become the person who can do what others dread doing and resist doing what others can’t resist doing. Remember what Epictetus says, that you must”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:43 PM </span><br><br>“you must undergo hard winter training to become who you want to be.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:49 PM </span><br><br>“Train now when it’s still easy, and you’ll be prepared for when it gets tough.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:54 PM </span><br><br>“this isn’t about punishing yourself; it’s about expanding your comfort zone, getting more comfortable in uncomfortable situations, and improving your self-discipline, resilience, and confidence.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:07 PM </span><br><br>“You train yourself to do the things that are tough. And you train”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:15 PM </span><br><br>“You train yourself to do the things that are tough. And you train yourself to say no to the things that are hard to say no to.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:18 PM </span><br><br>“Keep all the comfort you want—a cozy bed, delicious food, hot showers, warm clothes—just go without those things sometimes.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:29 PM </span><br><br>“At daybreak, we should ask ourselves a few questions: What do I still lack in order to achieve freedom from negative emotions? What do I need to achieve tranquility? What am I? A rational being.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _106_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:26:50 PM </span><br><br>““Mortal have you been born, to mortals you have given birth. Reckon on everything, expect everything.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _108_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:29:27 PM </span><br><br>“Rehearse your day in the morning, review your progress in the evening.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _108_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:30:22 PM </span><br><br>“The nightly self-analysis will help you gain control over your negative emotions because you subconsciously know you’ll be judged by night.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _109_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:31:28 PM </span><br><br>“the good, better, best exercise. I ask myself three simple questions: Good: What did I do well today? Better: How could I improve? What could I do better? Best: What do I need to do if I want to be the best version of myself?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _109_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:32:43 PM </span><br><br>“Always stay kind and forgiving to yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:32:47 PM </span><br><br>“Aspiring Stoics are ambitious people and want to express their highest self at all times.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:44 PM </span><br><br>“One strategy we can use is to contemplate a role model and measure ourselves against”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:50 PM </span><br><br>“One strategy we can use is to contemplate a role model and measure ourselves against it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:53 PM </span><br><br>““Choose someone whose way of life as well as words . . . have won your approval. Be always pointing him out to yourself either as your guardian or as your model.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _111_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:34:36 PM </span><br><br>“in succinct statements. We’ve encountered some of them in this”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _112_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:48:39 PM </span><br><br>“thoughts dye our character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _112_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:49:00 PM </span><br><br>“to act the role that is given to you well. To select the role is up to someone else.” – Epictetus”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _113_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:52:00 PM </span><br><br>“Fulfill your duties as a daughter even if your father doesn’t fulfill his duties as a father to you. That’s ultimately his loss, not yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _114_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:06 PM </span><br><br>“The loss of character is not accompanied by sickness or loss of possessions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:28 PM </span><br><br>“The loss of character is not accompanied by sickness or loss of possessions. You don’t realize what you’ve lost—your gentle, patient, and dignified character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:35 PM </span><br><br>““Most of what we say and do is not essential.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:03 PM </span><br><br>“we need to eliminate unnecessary assumptions as well. To eliminate the unnecessary actions that follow.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:14 PM </span><br><br>“we must choose our actions wisely, spending our grains of sand on what’s important—and stop wasting our lives on trivial matters.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:54 PM </span><br><br>““If you seek tranquility, do less . . . do what’s essential.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:55:11 PM </span><br><br>“Until their memory, passed from one to another like a candle flame, gutters and goes out.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:58:17 PM </span><br><br>““People who are excited by posthumous fame forget that the people who remember them will soon die too. And those after them in turn. Until their memory, passed from one to another like a candle flame, gutters and goes out.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:58:22 PM </span><br><br>“Things almost change as you look at them, and then they will be forgotten.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:35 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s be indifferent to what others think of us. Let’s be as dismissive of their approval as we are of their disapproval.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:43 PM </span><br><br>“Doing the right thing is its own reward. Let’s find satisfaction in that.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:51 PM </span><br><br>““Is it not madness and the wildest lunacy to desire so much when you can hold so little?” – Seneca”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:00:02 PM </span><br><br>““It is essential for you to remember that the attention you give to any action should be in due proportion to its worth, for then you won’t tire and give up, if you aren’t busying yourself with lesser things beyond what should be allowed.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _120_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:02:41 PM </span><br><br>“Time cannot be brought back. Once the grain of sand trickles down our life-glass, it’s gone forever.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _120_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:02:55 PM </span><br><br>““There is only one way to happiness,” says Epictetus, “and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.” News is all about worrying about stuff outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:28 PM </span><br><br>““There is only one way to happiness,” says Epictetus, “and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:32 PM </span><br><br>“you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters—don’t wish to seem knowledgeable.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:47 PM </span><br><br>““If you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters—don’t wish to seem knowledgeable.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:52 PM </span><br><br>““It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. Life is long enough, and a sufficiently generous amount has been given to us for the highest achievements if it were all well invested.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:05:22 PM </span><br><br>“Focus on the things that matter and stop wasting time on things that don’t.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _122_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:06:02 PM </span><br><br>““Even if you had a large part of your life remaining before you, you would have to organize it very economically to have enough for all the things that are necessary; as things are, isn't it the height of folly to learn inessential things when time's so desperately short!””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _122_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:06:17 PM </span><br><br>“There’s nothing harder to learn than how to live, says Seneca. It’s about time to get started.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:07:45 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:00 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:03 PM </span><br><br>“insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty years?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:16 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty years?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:19 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t envy the colleagues who shine bright at the office, as their success comes at the cost of”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:47 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t envy the colleagues who shine bright at the office, as their success comes at the cost of life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:50 PM </span><br><br>“Successful is a broad term. This father might have been employee of the last three months, but in this time he never listened to his wife, never saw his son’s soccer games, and he was cranky due to his sleep deprivation. Again, what’s the point of winning at a career”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:03 PM </span><br><br>“Successful is a broad term. This father might have been employee of the last three months, but in this time he never listened to his wife, never saw his son’s soccer games, and he was cranky due to his sleep deprivation.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:07 PM </span><br><br>“Your most valuable asset is your character. It will help you win at what matters.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _124_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:26 PM </span><br><br>““Leisure without study is death—a tomb for the living person.” – Seneca”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _124_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:34 PM </span><br><br>““Make sure you enjoy your relaxation like a poet—not idly but actively, observing the world around you, taking it all in, better understanding your place in the universe,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:02 PM </span><br><br>““Take a day off from work every now and then, but not a day off from learning.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:09 PM </span><br><br>“Be humble: As Epictetus teaches us, “It is impossible to learn that which one thinks one already knows.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:53 PM </span><br><br>“as time passes we forget and end up doing the opposite.” As warriors of the mind, we must go out and actually live out what we’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:15:12 PM </span><br><br>“You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _126_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:16:02 PM </span><br><br>“Are we going to be the person not ready to die when it’s time?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:00 PM </span><br><br>“I want to make sure that I can look back and say: “Yes,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:28 PM </span><br><br>“I want to make sure that I can look back and say: “Yes, I made the most of it. I lived well. I savored every drop of my life.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:31 PM </span><br><br>““It’s possible,” Seneca adds, “for a person who has had a long life to have lived too little.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:18:11 PM </span><br><br>“It’s time to get up and do what we must. We won’t live forever, as Seneca reminds us: “How late it is to begin really to live just when life must end!”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _128_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:19:57 PM </span><br><br>““Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:08 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said, “Everybody”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:13 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:20 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said, “Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:30 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:39 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter. We get disturbed not by the event itself, but by our interpretation of the event.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:42 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter. We get disturbed not by the event itself, but by our interpretation of the event.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:48 PM </span><br><br>““If you are pained by any external thing, it is not this thing that disturbs you, but your own judgment about it. And it is in your power to wipe out this judgment now.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:23:24 PM </span><br><br>““It’s better to conquer grief than to deceive it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:32 AM </span><br><br>“to understand, but I’ve overcome the grief that accompanied”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:51 AM </span><br><br>“Stoics are stereotyped as suppressing their emotions, but that’s mistaken. Their philosophy intends to deal with emotions immediately rather than running away from”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:54 AM </span><br><br>“Stoics are stereotyped as suppressing their emotions, but that’s mistaken. Their philosophy intends to deal with emotions immediately rather than running away from them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:58 AM </span><br><br>“Proper grief according to Seneca is when our reason “will maintain a mean which will copy neither indifference nor madness, and will keep us in the state”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:26:32 AM </span><br><br>“Proper grief according to Seneca is when our reason “will maintain a mean which will copy neither indifference nor madness, and will keep us in the state that is the mark of an affectionate, and not an unbalanced, mind.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:26:35 AM </span><br><br>“the person you grieve over, would she have wanted you to be tortured with tears? If yes, then she’s not worthy of your tears and you should stop crying. If no, and if you love and respect her, then you should stop crying.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _133_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:27:42 AM </span><br><br>“on—it isn’t manly to be enraged.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _134_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:29:57 AM </span><br><br>“A real man doesn’t give way to anger and discontent, and such a person has strength, courage, and endurance—unlike the angry and complaining.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _134_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:30:14 AM </span><br><br>“anger does not therefore come to assist courage, but to take its place.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _135_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:32:14 AM </span><br><br>“Instead of being led by dangerous and unpredictable anger, we’re motivated by intrinsic”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _135_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:32:28 AM </span><br><br>“Things don’t happen against us, they just happen.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _136_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:33:23 AM </span><br><br>““We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:35:20 AM </span><br><br>“our imaginary fear has real consequences. We’re held back by our fears, we’re paralyzed by what isn’t real.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:37:16 AM </span><br><br>“The actual damage of what we fear pales in comparison to the damage done by ourselves as we’re blindly trying to prevent what we fear.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:03:42 PM </span><br><br>“It’s a projection to the future about something we”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:03:58 PM </span><br><br>“It’s a projection to the future about something we don’t control that causes a dangerous amount of worry.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:04:02 PM </span><br><br>“We must stop attaching ourselves to external things and desires which are not under our control. Because a lack of control leads to fear.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:05:23 PM </span><br><br>““The man who has anticipated the coming of troubles takes away their power when they arrive,” says Seneca. That’s why it’s so important to prepare for challenging situations to arise.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:05:45 PM </span><br><br>“What you fear is often a product of your imagination, not reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:13 PM </span><br><br>“You’re afraid of something not because the reality of it is bad, but because you think reality would be”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:17 PM </span><br><br>“You’re afraid of something not because the reality of it is bad, but because you think reality would be bad.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:20 PM </span><br><br>“We fear in imagination. It’s like a dream. Instead of going along mindlessly, we must stop and ask rationally: “Does this make any sense?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:41 PM </span><br><br>“We’re creating nightmares for ourselves. That’s why we must wake up and stop this madness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:47 PM </span><br><br>“We get angry, sad, or disappointed because reality doesn’t meet our expectations. We get surprised because things are not as wished.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _139_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:02:31 PM </span><br><br>“The wise person, says Seneca, “will ensure that none of what happens will come unexpectedly.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _140_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:03:38 PM </span><br><br>““What stands in the way becomes the way,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _141_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:06:55 PM </span><br><br>“Every challenging situation is a chance for perseverance and hard-work.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _142_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:08:30 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t be knocked out any longer than necessary. Get a hold on yourself and get back up! Return to balance.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:09:40 PM </span><br><br>“What matters is to get back on track as soon as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:09:43 PM </span><br><br>“Modern philosopher Brian Johnson calls this the “equanimity game.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:11:53 PM </span><br><br>“(1) notice when you’re off-balance, for example, when you start to lose your patience with the traffic, your spouse, or a colleague, then (2) see how fast you can catch yourself and correct yourself—bringing yourself back to equanimity. He says equanimity”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:12:07 PM </span><br><br>“(1) notice when you’re off-balance, for example, when you start to lose your patience with the traffic, your spouse, or a colleague, then (2) see how fast you can catch yourself and correct yourself—bringing yourself back to equanimity.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:12:10 PM </span><br><br>“The wind fuels a fire and extinguishes a candle. The wind is the obstacle; it extinguishes you if your commitment and perseverance are weak, but it fuels you when you accept the challenge and don’t give up with the first difficulties.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _144_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 9:07:08 PM </span><br><br>““If a person gave away your body to some passersby, you’d be furious. Yet you hand over your mind to anyone who comes along, so they may abuse you, leaving it disturbed and troubled—have you no shame in that?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _144_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:27:44 AM </span><br><br>“We’re a mature human being and won’t be enslaved by outside events and other people any longer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _145_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:29:45 AM </span><br><br>“First, don’t get upset. Second, do the right thing. That’s it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:30:10 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t wish for life to be hard, but neither”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 10:08:57 AM </span><br><br>“no one has a better challenge than yours, if only you would use it like an athlete would”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:31:54 PM </span><br><br>““Difficulties show a person’s character. So when a challenge confronts you, remember that God is matching you with a younger sparring partner,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:32:02 PM </span><br><br>““I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:34:53 PM </span><br><br>“Seneca: “I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:34:57 PM </span><br><br>“Seneca: “I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:35:05 PM </span><br><br>“So when it gets tough, remind yourself it’s what you’re here for. It’ll make you stronger.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _148_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:38:53 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re able to focus on the present moment, and look at it in an isolated way, then these challenging moments will suddenly become easier to endure and deal with.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _149_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:49:00 PM </span><br><br>““Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _150_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:43:05 PM </span><br><br>““Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours. But watch yourself, that you don’t value these things to the point of being troubled if you should lose them.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _150_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:44:32 PM </span><br><br>“Material things are not important, don’t gather and hoard that stuff. Be grateful for all you have. Be careful not to get attached to those things.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:44:50 PM </span><br><br>“the divine law? To keep a man’s own, not to claim that which belongs to others, but to use what is given, and when it is not given, not to desire it; and when a thing is taken away, to give it up readily and immediately, and to be thankful for the time that a man has had the use of it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:45:26 PM </span><br><br>“Add that to your morning routine when you say Marcus’ words: “When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:46:26 PM </span><br><br>“when somebody’s wife or child dies, to a man we all routinely say, ‘Well, that’s part of life.’ But if one of our own family is involved, then right away it’s ‘Poor, poor me!’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _153_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 3:58:31 PM </span><br><br>“So, when some inconvenience happens to you, think about the reaction you’d show if it happened to someone else. This will help you maintain your balanced mind.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _153_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:06:05 PM </span><br><br>“recognize the bigger picture, and stay indifferent to external things others mistakenly value—like wealth, looks, or social status.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _155_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:12:12 PM </span><br><br>“gone. Sorry to tell you, but you’re not so special. What happens to you is not so special. How you behave is not so special.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:17 PM </span><br><br>“Sorry to tell you, but you’re not so special. What happens to you is not so special. How you behave is not so”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:20 PM </span><br><br>“remind yourself that things that happen to you are not special. Hundreds have experienced it before you, and hundreds”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:28 PM </span><br><br>“remind yourself that things that happen to you are not special. Hundreds have experienced it before you, and hundreds more will once you’re gone.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:32 PM </span><br><br>“The Stoics advise to look at an object or a situation as objectively as possible. Stick to the facts and describe an event as value-free and as close to reality as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _157_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:19:43 PM </span><br><br>“ask, ‘Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?’”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _158_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:40:12 AM </span><br><br>“ask, ‘Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?’ And if it’s not one of the things that you control, be ready with the reaction, ‘Then it’s none of my concern.’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _158_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:40:17 AM </span><br><br>“two steps: First, spot our impressions and make sure we don’t get carried away immediately. Second, examine the impressions and calmly decide what to do next.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _159_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:42:14 AM </span><br><br>“you want to be. Don’t be the guy who shouts from the rooftops when done a just act. “Simply move on to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:11 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t be the guy who shouts from the rooftops when done a just act. “Simply move on to the next deed just like the vine produces another bunch of grapes in the right season.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:16 AM </span><br><br>“It’s childish behavior to tell what good you’ve done.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:27 AM </span><br><br>“honor. “Do now what nature demands of you. Get right to it if that’s in your power. Don’t”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:47:02 AM </span><br><br>“what nature demands of you. Get right to it if that’s in your power. Don’t look around to see if people will know about it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:47:05 AM </span><br><br>““What brings no benefit to the hive brings none to the bee.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _165_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:51:35 AM </span><br><br>“People do what seems right to them. If they do wrong, it’s because that’s what seems true to them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _165_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:52:00 AM </span><br><br>““Whenever you take offense at someone’s wrongdoing, immediately turn to your own similar failings, such as seeing money as good, or pleasure, or a little fame—whatever form it takes.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:00 AM </span><br><br>““When you are offended at any man’s fault,” Epictetus tells us, “turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:47 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:56 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:57:00 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior, we’re actually not better at all. We just like to think we are.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:57:06 AM </span><br><br>“To err is human; to forgive, divine.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _168_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:58:07 AM </span><br><br>““to love even those who stumble.” He reminds himself of four things: (1) that the stumbling people are relatives, (2) they do wrong involuntarily, (3) we will all be dead soon anyway, and (4) we can only be harmed if we choose so.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _169_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:58:52 AM </span><br><br>““Bestow pardon for many things; seek pardon for none.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _169_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:59:04 AM </span><br><br>“It’s in your power to be kind to people. It’s in your power to stay true to your path and respond to evildoers with compassion, forgiveness, and kindness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _171_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:01:46 AM </span><br><br>“pause and ask whether what’s been said is true. “Why is it an insult,” Seneca asks, “to be told what is self-evident?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:09 AM </span><br><br>“let’s ask who insulted us? If it’s someone we respect, then we value her opinion and accept it as something we can actually improve on. If we don’t respect the source, then why bother? Seneca advises”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:22 AM </span><br><br>“let’s ask who insulted us? If it’s someone we respect, then we value her opinion and accept it as something we can actually improve on. If we don’t respect the source, then why bother?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:25 AM </span><br><br>“if a person insults us, we can be certain this person has a flawed and immature character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:55 AM </span><br><br>““The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.” The best revenge is to let it go and be a better example.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:17 AM </span><br><br>“the art of acquiescence: we want to accept everything as it happens. Because it’s not under our control”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:39 AM </span><br><br>“the art of acquiescence: we want to accept everything as it happens. Because it’s not under our control and we can’t change it once it happened. Reality is as it is.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:42 AM </span><br><br>“It can be hard to find the right words, right? So the better”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:07:09 AM </span><br><br>““Who then is invincible? The one who cannot be upset by anything outside their reasoned choice.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _175_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:09:03 AM </span><br><br>“milk is fine to leave in the bottle. “The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing,” as encountered in Chapter 1, “because an artful life requires being prepared to meet and withstand sudden and unexpected attacks.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _176_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 8:17:35 AM </span><br><br>“getting angry is also a weakness, just as much as abandoning the task or surrendering under panic.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _177_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 8:21:45 AM </span><br><br>““people will stand in your way.” When you’re installing new habits and try to make progress, others might not be as quick or even willing to follow along. Now it’s our challenge not to abandon our new path and, at the same time, not to abandon our friends and family.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:20:59 PM </span><br><br>““you must not abandon those other folks either. Don’t simply write them off or leave them in the dust. Don’t get mad or fight with them. After all, they’re at the same place you were not long ago.” Just because you read Wheat Belly and from”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:21:19 PM </span><br><br>““you must not abandon those other folks either. Don’t simply write them off or leave them in the dust. Don’t get mad or fight with them. After all, they’re at the same place you were not long ago.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:21:22 PM </span><br><br>“Find ways to stick to your new path. Don’t bend your values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:22:34 PM </span><br><br>“Before you react to whatever arouses anger within, say to yourself: “I buy tranquility instead.” Then smile, do what needs to get done, and move on with your life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:26:54 PM </span><br><br>“the small things that usually irritate you are not worth the hassle.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:27:04 PM </span><br><br>“We’re often quick to judge.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _180_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:30:25 PM </span><br><br>“For the Stoics, it’s more important to love than to be loved.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _181_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:31:01 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:35 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:36 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re in.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:40 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s take the Stoics’ advice by heart and always take a second before we judge others.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:35:26 PM </span><br><br>“peer pressure 101—we do things we usually wouldn’t do. We suddenly behave contrary to our values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:39:20 PM </span><br><br>““Associate with people who are likely to improve you.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _183_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:39:47 PM </span><br><br>““The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _183_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:40:22 PM </span><br><br>“the idea to choose your company well is not only about the people you spend the lion’s share of your time with, but also about not wasting your precious time. Temptation and timewasters are lurking around the corner,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:41:30 PM </span><br><br>“the idea to choose your company well is not only about the people you spend the lion’s share of your time with, but also about not wasting your precious time.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:41:33 PM </span><br><br>“Until you know their reasons, how do you know that their actions are vicious?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:42:04 PM </span><br><br>“Remember, you are only free if you can look at external events with indifference.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:42:58 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults, rather than be a way to rail against the faults of others.” Seneca reminds us here of what philosophy”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:07 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:10 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults, rather than be a way to rail against the faults of others.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:14 PM </span><br><br>““Often injustice lies in what you aren’t doing, not only in what you are doing.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:47:39 PM </span><br><br>“It’s when good citizens decline to get involved when evil will triumph.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:47:56 PM </span><br><br>““The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:48:01 PM </span><br><br>“It’s not enough to just not do evil. We must be a force for the good in the world, even in minor situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:35 PM </span><br><br>““Let silence be your goal for the most part; say only what is necessary, and be brief about it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:42 PM </span><br><br>“banalities”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:54 PM </span><br><br>“never about banalities”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:57 PM </span><br><br>“We like to talk about ourselves. So we don’t really listen to what’s being said, but we prepare for when it’s our turn.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:55:36 PM </span><br><br>“And if we speak about others, then it’s most certainly about something they don’t do well. We gossip.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:55:41 PM </span><br><br>“Nobody wants to hear your exaggerated high school, sports, and party stories. It’s annoying and self-absorbed.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:56:48 PM </span><br><br>“speak only what you think is just, and always do so with kindness, modesty, and sincerity.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:00 PM </span><br><br>“The point is: Speak only when you’re certain that what you’ll say isn’t better left unsaid.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:08 PM </span><br><br>“Go into a conversation with the intention to listen for the most part.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:18 PM </span><br><br>“Connect with people. Don’t perform for them. Let them do most of the talking. Enjoy listening.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:27 PM </span><br><br>““Acquire the habit of attending carefully to what is being said by another, and of entering, so far as possible, into the mind of the speaker.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:58:20 PM </span><br><br>“Resist the urge to speak. Accept that something within you always wants to respond immediately.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:26:18 AM </span><br><br>““The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:27:53 AM </span><br><br>““Better to trip with the feet than with the tongue.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:29:27 AM </span><br><br>“"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one."”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:01 AM </span><br><br>“There’s great danger, he says, to talk about what you’ve learned. Because you might vomit up what’s not yet digested.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:25 AM </span><br><br>“Show, don’t tell, what you’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:47 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t talk about what isn’t yet fully digested, but show the acts which come from digesting the theory. Show, don’t tell, what you’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:52 AM </span><br><br>“Ask yourself: “Who do I want to be in the world out there?” And then live by”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:34:09 AM </span><br><br>“Ask yourself: “Who do I want to be in the world out there?” And then live by it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:34:12 AM </span><br><br>“If you live by your beliefs and standards you’ll be in a harmony called cognitive consonance.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 10:30:18 PM </span><br><br>““If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _17_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:43:51 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living, therefore, must have good knowledge of how to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:38 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:42 AM </span><br><br>“someone who wants to be good at living, therefore, must have good knowledge of how to live.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _18_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:46:53 AM </span><br><br>“Promise #1: Eudaimonia “Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:49:42 AM </span><br><br>““Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:49:46 AM </span><br><br>“For the Stoics and all other schools of ancient philosophy, the ultimate goal of life was eudaimonia, to become good (eu) with your inner daimon.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _20_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:50:29 AM </span><br><br>“action—you can only be good with your daimon when your moment-to-moment actions are in harmony with your ideal self.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:52:27 AM </span><br><br>“Eudaimonia refers more to the overall quality of someone’s life rather than a temporary mood such as happiness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:52:43 AM </span><br><br>““To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _21_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:53:43 AM </span><br><br>“just because life slaps, kicks, spits, and knocks us out doesn’t mean we should give up and leave, it means we should get back up and keep on getting better. Such is life—it’s like our boxing ring, punches and kicks are what we’ve signed up for, this is our discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:38 AM </span><br><br>“just because life slaps, kicks, spits, and knocks us out doesn’t mean we should give up and leave, it means we should get back up and keep on getting better. Such is life—it’s like our boxing ring, punches and kicks are what we’ve signed up for, this is our discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:42 AM </span><br><br>““Unharmed prosperity cannot endure a single blow,” says Seneca, but a man who has gone through countless misfortunes “acquires a skin calloused by suffering.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _22_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:54:53 AM </span><br><br>“strong emotions as our ultimate weakness; especially when we let them dictate our behavior.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _23_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:57:29 AM </span><br><br>“what makes insults hurtful isn’t their content, but our interpretation of those insults.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _24_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 5:58:42 AM </span><br><br>“They acknowledged that desires and emotions are part of nature, but we have it within our power to rise above them and not get (too) disturbed by them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:24 AM </span><br><br>““A brave man isn’t someone who doesn’t experience any trace of fear whatsoever but someone who acts courageously”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:46 AM </span><br><br>““A brave man isn’t someone who doesn’t experience any trace of fear whatsoever but someone who acts courageously despite feeling anxiety.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _26_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:02:49 AM </span><br><br>“euthymia, which gets translated as tranquility, is all about knowing your path and walking that path.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _27_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 3:56:53 PM </span><br><br>““Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _33_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 4:06:22 PM </span><br><br>““It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _35_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 4:09:25 PM </span><br><br>““The blazing fire makes flames and brightness out of everything thrown into”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _36_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:14:11 PM </span><br><br>““The blazing fire makes flames and brightness out of everything thrown into it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _36_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:14:16 PM </span><br><br>“Live with Areté: Express your highest self in every moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:34:17 PM </span><br><br>“At all times, we need to focus on the things we control, and take the rest as it happens.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:41:56 PM </span><br><br>“What’s important for our flourishing is what we choose to do with the given external circumstances.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _37_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:43:00 PM </span><br><br>““A good character is the only guarantee of everlasting, carefree happiness.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _38_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:26 PM </span><br><br>“the philosopher behind the website optimize.me, translates areté: “Expressing the highest version of yourself moment to moment to moment.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:45 PM </span><br><br>““Expressing the highest version of yourself moment to moment to moment.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:44:50 PM </span><br><br>“Living with areté is about trying to reach the higher line and express what you’re capable of in this very moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:45:37 PM </span><br><br>“Think of areté or virtue as a form of wisdom or strength that helps you do the appropriate thing at all times,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _39_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:46:51 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your highest self and will live a happy and smoothly flowing life. If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:19 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:22 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:27 PM </span><br><br>“virtue is about trying to be the best you can be in every moment. And if you’re able to do that, then you’ll have a good relationship with your highest self and will live a happy and smoothly flowing life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:50:35 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself, this will create space for regret and anxiety to crawl out of the darkness and spread misery.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:54:52 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re unable to express the highest version of yourself, this will create space for regret and anxiety to crawl out of the darkness and spread misery.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Friday, September 23, 2022 6:54:55 PM </span><br><br>“a person’s virtue depends on their excellence as a human being, on how well they perform their natural potential.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _40_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:20:40 AM </span><br><br>“Your natural potential lies in your highest version of yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _41_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:21:59 AM </span><br><br>“We negate our very humanity and fall to the state of a sheep when we let our actions become impulsive and inconsiderate.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _41_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:22:28 AM </span><br><br>“we don’t need to be perfect for the Stoics, but we can at least try to be as good as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _43_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:24:40 AM </span><br><br>“Wisdom is about understanding how to act and feel appropriately.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:25:50 AM </span><br><br>“Justice is about knowing how to act and feel well in our relationships with others.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:09 AM </span><br><br>“Courage is about knowing how to act and feel correctly when facing fearful situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:16 AM </span><br><br>“Self-Discipline (or temperance) is about knowing how to act and feel right, despite emotions such as strong desire, inner resistance, or lust.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _44_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:26:30 AM </span><br><br>“virtue is essentially one form of practical wisdom: to know what’s the appropriate thing to do, and to actually”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:27:49 AM </span><br><br>“virtue is essentially one form of practical wisdom: to know what’s the appropriate thing to do, and to actually do it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:27:53 AM </span><br><br>“nobody will ever be perfect in all their actions and, as long as we’re trying our best, this doesn’t matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:29:53 AM </span><br><br>“The world isn’t black and white, we can’t always tell what the right thing to do is, but we can always try to act with our best intention.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:29:59 AM </span><br><br>“for the Stoics, it’s always the whole package that counts. Virtue is an all-or-nothing package.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _45_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:30:50 AM </span><br><br>“focused attention and continuous self-observation is necessary if we actively want to align our actions with virtue,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:33:32 AM </span><br><br>“As we let our thoughts drift away, our actions become mindless, we stumble into folly, and give away our best chance for eudaimonia as we’re far off from being our best in this very moment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _46_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:33:43 AM </span><br><br>“Being a person of virtue really means to excel at one’s character and always trying to do your best and what’s generally honorable and praiseworthy.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:35:19 AM </span><br><br>“it’s important that these positive feelings should not be the primary motives of our virtuous actions. The positive feelings should be looked at as added bonuses.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:36:11 AM </span><br><br>“You should act virtuously because it’s the right thing to do and not because it will benefit you in some way or another.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _48_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:36:36 AM </span><br><br>““just as the vine passes on to bear grapes again in due season.” It’s in our nature to do good to others, and we should do it for its own sake.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _49_ | Saturday, September 24, 2022 5:37:53 AM </span><br><br>“we couldn’t exist without the help of others. Therefore, when we do good to others, we actually benefit ourselves.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _50_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:55:30 AM </span><br><br>“Benefiting others is a form of virtue, and it ultimately benefits ourselves as virtue is its own reward.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _50_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:55:36 AM </span><br><br>“Marcus Aurelius beautifully reminds himself that a lamp shines until its fuel is fully spent. So why shouldn’t his truth, justice, and self-control shine until he’s extinguished?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:21 AM </span><br><br>“let’s light our lamps of virtue and let them shine by expressing our highest versions for as long as we may exist.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:27 AM </span><br><br>““What is it then to be properly educated? It is learning to apply our natural preconceptions to the right things according to Nature, and beyond that to separate the things that lie within our power from those that don’t.” – Epictetus”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _51_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:57:59 AM </span><br><br>““make the best use of what is in our power, and take the rest as it happens.” This idea is the cornerstone of Stoic philosophy, and therefore”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:59:52 AM </span><br><br>““make the best use of what is in our power, and take the rest as it happens.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 11:59:56 AM </span><br><br>“Isn’t that exactly what many people do by worrying about stuff outside their own control?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:00:42 PM </span><br><br>“that’s the root cause of emotional suffering, to worry about outside events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:00:48 PM </span><br><br>“Stoics would tell us to take that imaginary voodoo doll back into our own hands, and let ourselves decide when to get kicked around and not.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _52_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:01:01 PM </span><br><br>“three levels of influence”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:02:33 PM </span><br><br>“independence, simplicity, discretion, magnanimity.” We”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:03:21 PM </span><br><br>“It’s within our power to prevent viciousness, curb our arrogance, stop lusting after fame, and control our temper.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:03:26 PM </span><br><br>“It’s within our power to choose our behavior, even if everything else is not or only partially within our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _53_ | Sunday, September 25, 2022 12:04:21 PM </span><br><br>“For it is futile and therefore foolish, said Epictetus, to worry about things that are not up to us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:55:53 AM </span><br><br>“pain they have caused for themselves and others. But they can accept the past and try to change the”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:56:09 AM </span><br><br>“accept the past and try to change the now and the future by focusing on the choices they’re making right now.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _54_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:56:12 AM </span><br><br>“process focus—to focus on the process (under our control), instead of the desired outcome (not under our control).”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _55_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:58:41 AM </span><br><br>“Success, then, is defined by our effort to do everything that’s within our power.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _55_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:59:18 AM </span><br><br>“The Stoic archer succeeds in the process and is ready to take any outcome with equanimity and calm confidence, knowing they’ve tried their very best.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 4:59:58 AM </span><br><br>“anxiety and inner disturbance come from wanting things out of our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:01:39 AM </span><br><br>“the root cause of emotional suffering comes from worrying about things outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _56_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:01:51 AM </span><br><br>“Way of the Peaceful Warrior. Events can give us physical pain, but suffering and inner disturbance only come from resisting what is, from fighting with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _57_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:02:58 AM </span><br><br>“suffering and inner disturbance only come from resisting what is, from fighting with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _57_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:03:01 AM </span><br><br>“The Stoics want us to cultivate acceptance to whatever happens because most events happen without us having a say in the matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:05:36 AM </span><br><br>“there are many things in our lives we can’t control. Either”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:10 AM </span><br><br>“there are many things in our lives we can’t control. Either we accept the situation and try to make the best with it, or we fight it like a stubborn baby and end up crying and feeling miserable. It’s our choice.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:13 AM </span><br><br>““Seek not for events to happen as you wish but rather wish for events to happen as they do and your life will go smoothly.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _58_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:06:48 AM </span><br><br>“Events do not happen as they do regardless of your actions, but rather depending on your actions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _59_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:07:57 AM </span><br><br>“Crucially, only the things which are up to us can be either good or bad, and all those that aren’t up to us get classified as indifferent.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _60_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:10:14 AM </span><br><br>“we should learn to be indifferent toward indifferent things,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _61_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:12:49 AM </span><br><br>“preferred indifferents. If we could choose, we’d always take the better options.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:13:22 AM </span><br><br>““Love conquers all” might be romantic and make good films, but it’s precisely the opposite of the Stoic priorities—not even love should be traded if the price is the compromising of your character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:25 AM </span><br><br>“seek friendship, as long as it doesn’t need you to break with virtue. It’s better to endure loneliness, sickness, and poverty in an honorable”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:38 AM </span><br><br>“seek friendship, as long as it doesn’t need you to break with virtue. It’s better to endure loneliness, sickness, and poverty in an honorable manner than to seek friendship, health, and wealth in a shameful one.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _62_ | Tuesday, September 27, 2022 5:15:43 AM </span><br><br>“The ultimate goal is eudaimonia—a happy and smoothly flowing life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:23:18 AM </span><br><br>“While the outcome can be prevented by external events, the process and our intentions are completed in the present moment and cannot be prevented by anything outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:24:06 AM </span><br><br>““The wise man looks to the purpose of all actions, not their consequences; beginnings are in our power but Fortune judges the outcome, and I do not grant her a verdict upon”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:25:07 AM </span><br><br>““The wise man looks to the purpose of all actions, not their consequences; beginnings are in our power but Fortune judges the outcome, and I do not grant her a verdict upon me.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _65_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:25:12 AM </span><br><br>“What Epictetus describes here is exactly what we today call conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:46 AM </span><br><br>“What Epictetus describes here is exactly what we today call conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you can walk for miles and miles but won’t get any closer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:49 AM </span><br><br>“conditional happiness—binding happiness to some future event. I’ll be happy after my exams. I’ll be happy when I get that new Porsche 911. I’ll be happy when I finally earn six figures. It’s like the horizon—you can walk for miles and miles but won’t get any closer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:26:55 AM </span><br><br>“is never possible to make happiness consistent with a longing after what is not present. For true happiness implies the possession of all which is desired, as in case of satiety with food; there must be no thirst, no hunger.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _66_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:27:11 AM </span><br><br>““There are three things in your composition: body, breath, and mind,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:01 AM </span><br><br>““The first two are yours to the extent that you must take care for them, but only the third is in the full sense your own.” Only the mind is truly yours. Only the mind is within the Stoic”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:06 AM </span><br><br>““The first two are yours to the extent that you must take care for them, but only the third is in the full sense your own.” Only the mind is truly yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _67_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:31:10 AM </span><br><br>““Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.” Something happens (stimulus) and then we react to it (response).”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:12 AM </span><br><br>“Viktor Frankl, who says in his book A Man’s Search for Meaning, “Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:17 AM </span><br><br>““Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:34:21 AM </span><br><br>“Awareness, mindfulness, or attention as the Stoics call it, is necessary for you to be able to step in between stimulus and response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _68_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:36:41 AM </span><br><br>“If we generally go with our default reactions, we’ll always be dependent on what happens around us;”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _69_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:37:38 AM </span><br><br>“The freedom of choice, or how the Stoics call it, reasoned choice, is really about actively choosing our response rather than”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:39:12 AM </span><br><br>“The freedom of choice, or how the Stoics call it, reasoned choice, is really about actively choosing our response rather than reactively going with the default response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:39:26 AM </span><br><br>“happiness depends more on what we make of what happens rather than what happens in the first place.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _70_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:40:38 AM </span><br><br>“and no matter what challenge you’re facing (dog shit or $10 bill), your”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:41:51 AM </span><br><br>“your freedom of choice will always be available to you; you just need to spot your first impression, avoid shitting a brick, take a step back instead, evaluate the situation, and choose your wisest response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:41:59 AM </span><br><br>“No matter where you are (prison or palace), and no matter what challenge you’re facing (dog shit or $10 bill), your freedom of choice will always be available to you; you just need to spot your first impression, avoid shitting a brick, take a step back instead, evaluate the situation, and choose your wisest response.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:42:05 AM </span><br><br>“We must recognize the fact that we’re response-able to choose how to respond to situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _71_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:42:19 AM </span><br><br>“there are automatic reactions we don’t control. These are reflex-like emotional reactions to some impressions such as blushing, sweating, tension, tears, or startling.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:18 AM </span><br><br>“Even if you don’t control these immediate reflexive reactions, you have the power to control what comes next: go along with the impression or step back, evaluate the situation, and choose a response consistent with your values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:29 AM </span><br><br>“Disturbed or Invincible: That’s Up to You “Men”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:40 AM </span><br><br>““Men are disturbed not by the things which happen, but by the opinions about the things.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:43 AM </span><br><br>“words are an important take-away from what we’ve just learned: External”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:44:52 AM </span><br><br>“External events are not within our power but they offer an area we control; we have the power to choose what these events mean to us, and it’s our choices that matter, not the events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _72_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:45:06 AM </span><br><br>“The situation itself (exile) does not make us unhappy, it may cause physical pain in certain situations, but it’s the story about the situation (it’s terrible) that causes the trouble.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:25 AM </span><br><br>“Good or bad can only be found in your judgments and actions, not in external events. The troubled mind comes from judging an”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:32 AM </span><br><br>“Good or bad can only be found in your judgments and actions, not in external events.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:47:34 AM </span><br><br>“The exact same event can be interpreted in so many different ways and arouse complete opposite feelings.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _73_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:48:39 AM </span><br><br>“A broken glass is a broken glass. It’s your judgment (“Duh, I’m so clumsy”) that makes you feel like a loser.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:49:30 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t blame the event, blame your reactive self for feeling how you feel. The cause lies in your judgment.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:49:40 AM </span><br><br>“Only your judgment can harm you. No matter what uncontrollable challenges you’re facing in life, you have the power to decide what these events mean to you, only you have the freedom to choose your best reaction. Your reaction will either delight or harm you.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:08 AM </span><br><br>“Only your judgment can harm you. No matter what uncontrollable challenges you’re facing in life, you have the power to decide what these events mean to you, only you have the freedom to choose your best reaction.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _74_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:12 AM </span><br><br>“there is nothing good or bad unless we choose to make it so,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:23 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t try to lead events but follow them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:27 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t try to lead events but follow them. Resistance is futile, take things as they come, and make the best of what’s in your power.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:33 AM </span><br><br>““Once [anger] begins to carry us away, it is hard to get back again into a healthy condition, because reason goes for nothing once passion has been admitted to the mind”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _75_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 8:50:57 AM </span><br><br>“once the enemy has entered the mind, reason is gone. It’s one or the other, reason or passion; when passion is at the”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 9:10:11 AM </span><br><br>“once the enemy has entered the mind, reason is gone. It’s one or the other, reason or passion; when passion is at the steering wheel, reason is tied up and gagged in the trunk.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Wednesday, September 28, 2022 9:10:14 AM </span><br><br>“with the emotion in the driver’s seat, and with something inside feeling bad, our number one priority (unconsciously) becomes to feel better, and we automatically seek relief of the pain we’re feeling.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Thursday, September 29, 2022 3:11:02 PM </span><br><br>“The negative emotion orders us to do what makes us feel better and relieve the pain in the present moment, regardless of our values and long-term goals.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _76_ | Thursday, September 29, 2022 3:11:12 PM </span><br><br>“The problem with these emotions is not that they exist, but that they overwhelm us so that we end up doing the opposite of what we ought to do.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _77_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:57:08 AM </span><br><br>“our rational actions are at the root of our happiness, therefore we can’t live a happy life when we let strong emotional disturbances dictate our actions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _77_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:57:18 AM </span><br><br>“Because of our evolution, we see obstacles much better than opportunities.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _78_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 5:59:50 AM </span><br><br>““Passion is produced no otherwise than by a disappointment of one's desires.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _78_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:03:23 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness, poverty, and ridicule as bad and hindering to the happy”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:47 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:49 AM </span><br><br>“We desire and fear external things beyond our direct control; we naively judge indifferent things such as health, wealth, and reputation as good and even necessary for the happy life, and we also judge sickness, poverty, and ridicule as bad and hindering to the happy life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:06:56 AM </span><br><br>““The majority of ordinary people lack fulfillment and peace of mind because their values are confused and internally conflicted.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _79_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:07:03 AM </span><br><br>“as long as we’re afraid of not getting what we want and feel bad about not getting it—we’re only a puppet to our emotions,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _80_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:08:14 AM </span><br><br>“doing the right thing is enough, it’s a reward in itself,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _81_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:11:07 AM </span><br><br>“unawareness is so dangerous: While being unaware, we can’t observe and recognize our first impressions and would mindlessly follow along.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _81_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:12:30 AM </span><br><br>“being aware will reduce the times we get taken over by negative emotions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _82_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:13:52 AM </span><br><br>“Epictetus’ advice to endure and renounce in everyday situations: We should endure what we irrationally fear and dislike with courage and perseverance. We should renounce (or abstain from) what we irrationally crave through discretion and self-discipline.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _82_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:16:14 AM </span><br><br>“Awareness might not be enough to always act accordingly to our values, but it surely buys you time and delay, so you see the situation clearly and can at least try to make the rational decision.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _83_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 6:17:29 AM </span><br><br>“"What would have become of Hercules, do you think, if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _85_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:25:07 PM </span><br><br>“him, and fits him for his own service.” All the adversities you’re facing in your life, these are tests. It’s mere training.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:25:59 PM </span><br><br>“All the adversities you’re facing in your life, these are tests. It’s mere training.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:26:02 PM </span><br><br>“the most important prerequisite is to be aware of what’s going on. Because Stoic philosophy is a lot about how we react to what happens in the world around us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _86_ | Friday, September 30, 2022 4:27:03 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You have to catch yourself doing it before you can correct”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:42 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:44 PM </span><br><br>““A consciousness of wrongdoing is the first step to salvation,” Seneca says. “You have to catch yourself doing it before you can correct it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _87_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:41:58 PM </span><br><br>“It’s up to us. Either we’re willing to invest and reap the benefits, or we’re not and risk wasting our lives.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _88_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:44:34 PM </span><br><br>“self-discipline is like a muscle. The more you use it, the stronger it will get.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:45:07 PM </span><br><br>“if friends do mock you for trying to improve yourself you might want to rethink those friendships.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:45:47 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t mention that you’re into Stoicism, just live by it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _89_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:46:17 PM </span><br><br>“If we resist reality, if we think things are going against us, if we fight with what is, then we will suffer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:22 PM </span><br><br>““If this is the will of nature, then so be it.” That’s a maxim the Stoics lived by. Today, we have the similar”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:37 PM </span><br><br>““If this is the will of nature, then so be it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:48:40 PM </span><br><br>“If we resist what happens, then we get dragged behind just like that dog. That’s called suffering.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _91_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:49:31 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t fight with reality, but bring your will into harmony with it, and focus on where your power lies.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _92_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:51:21 PM </span><br><br>“Just like you take some medicine when a doctor tells you to, we should take external events as they are, because they’re like the medicine there to help us.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _93_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:52:34 PM </span><br><br>“The reserve clause implies two points: Do your very best to succeed . . . . . . and simultaneously know and accept that the outcome is beyond your direct control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _94_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:11 PM </span><br><br>“Know that sometimes things will not go your way even if you do your best, and regardless of whether you deserved it or not.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:44 PM </span><br><br>“What Stands in the Way Becomes the Way”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:55:53 PM </span><br><br>“In every challenge lies an opportunity for growth.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _95_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:58:17 PM </span><br><br>“Whenever something gets in the way, use that obstacle to practice your most important goal—to live with areté, to express the highest version of yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:59:40 PM </span><br><br>“you from doing this. You will continue to make progress, and there will always be new obstacles, ahem, opportunities presenting themselves.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 1:59:51 PM </span><br><br>“there will always be new obstacles, ahem, opportunities presenting themselves. It’s within your control to use them as fuel and practice your skills.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:00:02 PM </span><br><br>“Ultimately, it’s never the challenges that matter, but how you perceive them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:00:20 PM </span><br><br>“You can always try to turn obstacles upside down and find a way to respond with virtue.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _96_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:26 PM </span><br><br>“This is just showing that you always have a choice. Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:39 PM </span><br><br>“This is just showing that you always have a choice. Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:42 PM </span><br><br>“Either you bury your head in the sand when things seem to turn against you, or you keep your head up and look for an opportunity to grow.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:01:46 PM </span><br><br>““When giving your child or wife a kiss, repeat to yourself, ‘I am kissing a mortal.’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:02:02 PM </span><br><br>“Remind Yourself of the Impermanence of Things”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:02:12 PM </span><br><br>“Things are changing constantly. Life is ephemeral—people we care about may be snatched from us in a snap, without warning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:04:59 PM </span><br><br>“Life is ephemeral—people we care about may be snatched from us in a snap, without warning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:05:07 PM </span><br><br>“Things are in constant change, they flow past—new things come and flow past.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:00 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s appreciate what we have now because it might be gone tomorrow. Life is impermanent.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _97_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:08 PM </span><br><br>“Learn to enjoy stuff and people without feeling entitled to them, without clinging.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:07:30 PM </span><br><br>“Knowing that nothing lasts makes you less attached and it becomes easier to accept when things change or when you lose what you love.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:08:08 PM </span><br><br>“Many things that happen to us we cannot change. But we can adopt a noble spirit to bear up bravely with all the changes nature sends our way, and bring our will into harmony with reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _98_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:27 PM </span><br><br>“Things come and go. Nothing lasts.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:46 PM </span><br><br>““I am not eternal, but a human being; a part of the whole, as an hour is of the day. Like an hour I must come and, like an hour, pass”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:09:56 PM </span><br><br>““I am not eternal, but a human being; a part of the whole, as an hour is of the day. Like an hour I must come and, like an hour, pass away.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:10:00 PM </span><br><br>““you have lived your life. Now take what’s left and live properly.” Living as if it’s our last day is not about living a frivolous lifestyle with drugs, blackjack, and hookers. It’s about periodically reflecting on the fact that you will not live forever, you’re mortal, and you might not wake up the next morning.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _99_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:11:10 PM </span><br><br>“We’re not prepared to deal with such losses. We think we own those things and only realize we don’t once they’re gone.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:15:15 PM </span><br><br>“we can’t handle such losses because we’re unaware of the possibility to lose those things in the first place.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:15:31 PM </span><br><br>““it is a sorry debtor who abuses his creditor.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _101_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:16:25 PM </span><br><br>“If you would not have a man flinch when the crisis comes, train him before it comes.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:17:49 PM </span><br><br>“Negative Visualization: Foreseeing Bad Stuff”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:17:52 PM </span><br><br>““It is precisely in times of immunity from care that the soul should toughen itself beforehand for occasions of greater stress,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:01 PM </span><br><br>“Negative visualization is an imagination exercise in which you foresee bad stuff.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:26 PM </span><br><br>“The Stoics used negative visualization to train themselves to maintain equanimity and cope well even in challenging situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:18:40 PM </span><br><br>“Think of this thought training as foresight. Before you go out and do something, ask yourself: What could go wrong? What obstacle could pop up? Where could I face difficulties?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _102_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:09 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor of how unlikely we considered that event in the first”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:30 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:33 PM </span><br><br>““Devastation—that feeling that we’re absolutely crushed and shocked by an event—is a factor of how unlikely we considered that event in the first place.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:19:42 PM </span><br><br>“practice—no external misfortune can truly be bad because it’s outside our control. Only our reaction to it can be good or bad,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:30 PM </span><br><br>“Reminding yourself of the impermanence of things, of your own mortality, and that everything you have is only borrowed, are all forms of negative visualization.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:46 PM </span><br><br>““Fortune falls heavily on those for whom she’s unexpected. The one always on the lookout easily endures.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _103_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:20:51 PM </span><br><br>“three forms of voluntary discomfort:”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:21:36 PM </span><br><br>“Temporary Poverty: Seneca recommends spending a few days a month to live as if impoverished,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:22:05 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness run because it’s raining. 3. Purposefully Forgo Pleasure: Instead of getting”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:22:57 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:02 PM </span><br><br>““If it ain’t raining, it ain’t training.” Go for a toughness run because it’s raining.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:06 PM </span><br><br>“put himself on a rationed diet. You can do such things, too. For example, underdress for cold weather while knowing that you’ll feel uncomfortably cold. Pretend your bed is full of spiders and sleep a night on the floor. Imagine there’s no hot water and take a cold shower.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:25 PM </span><br><br>“Get Yourself in Uncomfortable Situations:”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _104_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:23:30 PM </span><br><br>“Instead of getting in uncomfortable situations, just forgo pleasures.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:30 PM </span><br><br>“This may sound anti-pleasure but it’s actually training you to become the person who can do what others dread doing and resist doing what others can’t resist doing. Remember what Epictetus says, that you must”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:43 PM </span><br><br>“you must undergo hard winter training to become who you want to be.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:49 PM </span><br><br>“Train now when it’s still easy, and you’ll be prepared for when it gets tough.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:24:54 PM </span><br><br>“this isn’t about punishing yourself; it’s about expanding your comfort zone, getting more comfortable in uncomfortable situations, and improving your self-discipline, resilience, and confidence.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:07 PM </span><br><br>“You train yourself to do the things that are tough. And you train”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:15 PM </span><br><br>“You train yourself to do the things that are tough. And you train yourself to say no to the things that are hard to say no to.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:18 PM </span><br><br>“Keep all the comfort you want—a cozy bed, delicious food, hot showers, warm clothes—just go without those things sometimes.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _105_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:25:29 PM </span><br><br>“At daybreak, we should ask ourselves a few questions: What do I still lack in order to achieve freedom from negative emotions? What do I need to achieve tranquility? What am I? A rational being.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _106_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:26:50 PM </span><br><br>““Mortal have you been born, to mortals you have given birth. Reckon on everything, expect everything.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _108_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:29:27 PM </span><br><br>“Rehearse your day in the morning, review your progress in the evening.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _108_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:30:22 PM </span><br><br>“The nightly self-analysis will help you gain control over your negative emotions because you subconsciously know you’ll be judged by night.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _109_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:31:28 PM </span><br><br>“the good, better, best exercise. I ask myself three simple questions: Good: What did I do well today? Better: How could I improve? What could I do better? Best: What do I need to do if I want to be the best version of myself?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _109_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:32:43 PM </span><br><br>“Always stay kind and forgiving to yourself.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:32:47 PM </span><br><br>“Aspiring Stoics are ambitious people and want to express their highest self at all times.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:44 PM </span><br><br>“One strategy we can use is to contemplate a role model and measure ourselves against”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:50 PM </span><br><br>“One strategy we can use is to contemplate a role model and measure ourselves against it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _110_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:33:53 PM </span><br><br>““Choose someone whose way of life as well as words . . . have won your approval. Be always pointing him out to yourself either as your guardian or as your model.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _111_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:34:36 PM </span><br><br>“in succinct statements. We’ve encountered some of them in this”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _112_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:48:39 PM </span><br><br>“thoughts dye our character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _112_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:49:00 PM </span><br><br>“to act the role that is given to you well. To select the role is up to someone else.” – Epictetus”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _113_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:52:00 PM </span><br><br>“Fulfill your duties as a daughter even if your father doesn’t fulfill his duties as a father to you. That’s ultimately his loss, not yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _114_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:06 PM </span><br><br>“The loss of character is not accompanied by sickness or loss of possessions.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:28 PM </span><br><br>“The loss of character is not accompanied by sickness or loss of possessions. You don’t realize what you’ve lost—your gentle, patient, and dignified character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:53:35 PM </span><br><br>““Most of what we say and do is not essential.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:03 PM </span><br><br>“we need to eliminate unnecessary assumptions as well. To eliminate the unnecessary actions that follow.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _115_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:14 PM </span><br><br>“we must choose our actions wisely, spending our grains of sand on what’s important—and stop wasting our lives on trivial matters.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:54:54 PM </span><br><br>““If you seek tranquility, do less . . . do what’s essential.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:55:11 PM </span><br><br>“Until their memory, passed from one to another like a candle flame, gutters and goes out.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:58:17 PM </span><br><br>““People who are excited by posthumous fame forget that the people who remember them will soon die too. And those after them in turn. Until their memory, passed from one to another like a candle flame, gutters and goes out.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _116_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:58:22 PM </span><br><br>“Things almost change as you look at them, and then they will be forgotten.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:35 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s be indifferent to what others think of us. Let’s be as dismissive of their approval as we are of their disapproval.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:43 PM </span><br><br>“Doing the right thing is its own reward. Let’s find satisfaction in that.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 2:59:51 PM </span><br><br>““Is it not madness and the wildest lunacy to desire so much when you can hold so little?” – Seneca”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _118_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:00:02 PM </span><br><br>““It is essential for you to remember that the attention you give to any action should be in due proportion to its worth, for then you won’t tire and give up, if you aren’t busying yourself with lesser things beyond what should be allowed.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _120_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:02:41 PM </span><br><br>“Time cannot be brought back. Once the grain of sand trickles down our life-glass, it’s gone forever.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _120_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:02:55 PM </span><br><br>““There is only one way to happiness,” says Epictetus, “and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.” News is all about worrying about stuff outside our control.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:28 PM </span><br><br>““There is only one way to happiness,” says Epictetus, “and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:32 PM </span><br><br>“you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters—don’t wish to seem knowledgeable.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:47 PM </span><br><br>““If you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters—don’t wish to seem knowledgeable.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:04:52 PM </span><br><br>““It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. Life is long enough, and a sufficiently generous amount has been given to us for the highest achievements if it were all well invested.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _121_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:05:22 PM </span><br><br>“Focus on the things that matter and stop wasting time on things that don’t.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _122_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:06:02 PM </span><br><br>““Even if you had a large part of your life remaining before you, you would have to organize it very economically to have enough for all the things that are necessary; as things are, isn't it the height of folly to learn inessential things when time's so desperately short!””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _122_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:06:17 PM </span><br><br>“There’s nothing harder to learn than how to live, says Seneca. It’s about time to get started.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:07:45 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:00 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:03 PM </span><br><br>“insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty years?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:16 PM </span><br><br>“more—your insight into happiness and meaning, or that you followed breaking political news every day for thirty years?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:19 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t envy the colleagues who shine bright at the office, as their success comes at the cost of”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:47 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t envy the colleagues who shine bright at the office, as their success comes at the cost of life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:08:50 PM </span><br><br>“Successful is a broad term. This father might have been employee of the last three months, but in this time he never listened to his wife, never saw his son’s soccer games, and he was cranky due to his sleep deprivation. Again, what’s the point of winning at a career”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:03 PM </span><br><br>“Successful is a broad term. This father might have been employee of the last three months, but in this time he never listened to his wife, never saw his son’s soccer games, and he was cranky due to his sleep deprivation.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _123_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:07 PM </span><br><br>“Your most valuable asset is your character. It will help you win at what matters.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _124_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:26 PM </span><br><br>““Leisure without study is death—a tomb for the living person.” – Seneca”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _124_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:09:34 PM </span><br><br>““Make sure you enjoy your relaxation like a poet—not idly but actively, observing the world around you, taking it all in, better understanding your place in the universe,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:02 PM </span><br><br>““Take a day off from work every now and then, but not a day off from learning.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:09 PM </span><br><br>“Be humble: As Epictetus teaches us, “It is impossible to learn that which one thinks one already knows.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:14:53 PM </span><br><br>“as time passes we forget and end up doing the opposite.” As warriors of the mind, we must go out and actually live out what we’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _125_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:15:12 PM </span><br><br>“You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _126_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:16:02 PM </span><br><br>“Are we going to be the person not ready to die when it’s time?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:00 PM </span><br><br>“I want to make sure that I can look back and say: “Yes,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:28 PM </span><br><br>“I want to make sure that I can look back and say: “Yes, I made the most of it. I lived well. I savored every drop of my life.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:17:31 PM </span><br><br>““It’s possible,” Seneca adds, “for a person who has had a long life to have lived too little.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _127_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:18:11 PM </span><br><br>“It’s time to get up and do what we must. We won’t live forever, as Seneca reminds us: “How late it is to begin really to live just when life must end!”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _128_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:19:57 PM </span><br><br>““Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:08 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said, “Everybody”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:13 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:20 PM </span><br><br>“As Mike Tyson said, “Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:30 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:39 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter. We get disturbed not by the event itself, but by our interpretation of the event.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:42 PM </span><br><br>“it’s not what happens to us, but our reactions to it that matter. We get disturbed not by the event itself, but by our interpretation of the event.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:22:48 PM </span><br><br>““If you are pained by any external thing, it is not this thing that disturbs you, but your own judgment about it. And it is in your power to wipe out this judgment now.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _130_ | Saturday, October 1, 2022 3:23:24 PM </span><br><br>““It’s better to conquer grief than to deceive it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:32 AM </span><br><br>“to understand, but I’ve overcome the grief that accompanied”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:51 AM </span><br><br>“Stoics are stereotyped as suppressing their emotions, but that’s mistaken. Their philosophy intends to deal with emotions immediately rather than running away from”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:54 AM </span><br><br>“Stoics are stereotyped as suppressing their emotions, but that’s mistaken. Their philosophy intends to deal with emotions immediately rather than running away from them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:25:58 AM </span><br><br>“Proper grief according to Seneca is when our reason “will maintain a mean which will copy neither indifference nor madness, and will keep us in the state”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:26:32 AM </span><br><br>“Proper grief according to Seneca is when our reason “will maintain a mean which will copy neither indifference nor madness, and will keep us in the state that is the mark of an affectionate, and not an unbalanced, mind.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _132_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:26:35 AM </span><br><br>“the person you grieve over, would she have wanted you to be tortured with tears? If yes, then she’s not worthy of your tears and you should stop crying. If no, and if you love and respect her, then you should stop crying.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _133_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:27:42 AM </span><br><br>“on—it isn’t manly to be enraged.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _134_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:29:57 AM </span><br><br>“A real man doesn’t give way to anger and discontent, and such a person has strength, courage, and endurance—unlike the angry and complaining.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _134_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:30:14 AM </span><br><br>“anger does not therefore come to assist courage, but to take its place.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _135_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:32:14 AM </span><br><br>“Instead of being led by dangerous and unpredictable anger, we’re motivated by intrinsic”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _135_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:32:28 AM </span><br><br>“Things don’t happen against us, they just happen.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _136_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:33:23 AM </span><br><br>““We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:35:20 AM </span><br><br>“our imaginary fear has real consequences. We’re held back by our fears, we’re paralyzed by what isn’t real.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Tuesday, October 4, 2022 6:37:16 AM </span><br><br>“The actual damage of what we fear pales in comparison to the damage done by ourselves as we’re blindly trying to prevent what we fear.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:03:42 PM </span><br><br>“It’s a projection to the future about something we”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:03:58 PM </span><br><br>“It’s a projection to the future about something we don’t control that causes a dangerous amount of worry.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:04:02 PM </span><br><br>“We must stop attaching ourselves to external things and desires which are not under our control. Because a lack of control leads to fear.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _137_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:05:23 PM </span><br><br>““The man who has anticipated the coming of troubles takes away their power when they arrive,” says Seneca. That’s why it’s so important to prepare for challenging situations to arise.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:05:45 PM </span><br><br>“What you fear is often a product of your imagination, not reality.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:13 PM </span><br><br>“You’re afraid of something not because the reality of it is bad, but because you think reality would be”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:17 PM </span><br><br>“You’re afraid of something not because the reality of it is bad, but because you think reality would be bad.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:20 PM </span><br><br>“We fear in imagination. It’s like a dream. Instead of going along mindlessly, we must stop and ask rationally: “Does this make any sense?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:41 PM </span><br><br>“We’re creating nightmares for ourselves. That’s why we must wake up and stop this madness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _138_ | Wednesday, October 5, 2022 6:07:47 PM </span><br><br>“We get angry, sad, or disappointed because reality doesn’t meet our expectations. We get surprised because things are not as wished.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _139_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:02:31 PM </span><br><br>“The wise person, says Seneca, “will ensure that none of what happens will come unexpectedly.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _140_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:03:38 PM </span><br><br>““What stands in the way becomes the way,””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _141_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:06:55 PM </span><br><br>“Every challenging situation is a chance for perseverance and hard-work.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _142_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:08:30 PM </span><br><br>“Don’t be knocked out any longer than necessary. Get a hold on yourself and get back up! Return to balance.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:09:40 PM </span><br><br>“What matters is to get back on track as soon as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:09:43 PM </span><br><br>“Modern philosopher Brian Johnson calls this the “equanimity game.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:11:53 PM </span><br><br>“(1) notice when you’re off-balance, for example, when you start to lose your patience with the traffic, your spouse, or a colleague, then (2) see how fast you can catch yourself and correct yourself—bringing yourself back to equanimity. He says equanimity”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:12:07 PM </span><br><br>“(1) notice when you’re off-balance, for example, when you start to lose your patience with the traffic, your spouse, or a colleague, then (2) see how fast you can catch yourself and correct yourself—bringing yourself back to equanimity.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _143_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 6:12:10 PM </span><br><br>“The wind fuels a fire and extinguishes a candle. The wind is the obstacle; it extinguishes you if your commitment and perseverance are weak, but it fuels you when you accept the challenge and don’t give up with the first difficulties.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _144_ | Thursday, October 6, 2022 9:07:08 PM </span><br><br>““If a person gave away your body to some passersby, you’d be furious. Yet you hand over your mind to anyone who comes along, so they may abuse you, leaving it disturbed and troubled—have you no shame in that?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _144_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:27:44 AM </span><br><br>“We’re a mature human being and won’t be enslaved by outside events and other people any longer.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _145_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:29:45 AM </span><br><br>“First, don’t get upset. Second, do the right thing. That’s it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 7:30:10 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t wish for life to be hard, but neither”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 10:08:57 AM </span><br><br>“no one has a better challenge than yours, if only you would use it like an athlete would”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:31:54 PM </span><br><br>““Difficulties show a person’s character. So when a challenge confronts you, remember that God is matching you with a younger sparring partner,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _146_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:32:02 PM </span><br><br>““I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:34:53 PM </span><br><br>“Seneca: “I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:34:57 PM </span><br><br>“Seneca: “I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _147_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:35:05 PM </span><br><br>“So when it gets tough, remind yourself it’s what you’re here for. It’ll make you stronger.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _148_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:38:53 PM </span><br><br>“If you’re able to focus on the present moment, and look at it in an isolated way, then these challenging moments will suddenly become easier to endure and deal with.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _149_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 1:49:00 PM </span><br><br>““Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _150_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:43:05 PM </span><br><br>““Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours. But watch yourself, that you don’t value these things to the point of being troubled if you should lose them.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _150_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:44:32 PM </span><br><br>“Material things are not important, don’t gather and hoard that stuff. Be grateful for all you have. Be careful not to get attached to those things.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:44:50 PM </span><br><br>“the divine law? To keep a man’s own, not to claim that which belongs to others, but to use what is given, and when it is not given, not to desire it; and when a thing is taken away, to give it up readily and immediately, and to be thankful for the time that a man has had the use of it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:45:26 PM </span><br><br>“Add that to your morning routine when you say Marcus’ words: “When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _151_ | Sunday, October 9, 2022 3:46:26 PM </span><br><br>“when somebody’s wife or child dies, to a man we all routinely say, ‘Well, that’s part of life.’ But if one of our own family is involved, then right away it’s ‘Poor, poor me!’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _153_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 3:58:31 PM </span><br><br>“So, when some inconvenience happens to you, think about the reaction you’d show if it happened to someone else. This will help you maintain your balanced mind.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _153_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:06:05 PM </span><br><br>“recognize the bigger picture, and stay indifferent to external things others mistakenly value—like wealth, looks, or social status.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _155_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:12:12 PM </span><br><br>“gone. Sorry to tell you, but you’re not so special. What happens to you is not so special. How you behave is not so special.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:17 PM </span><br><br>“Sorry to tell you, but you’re not so special. What happens to you is not so special. How you behave is not so”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:20 PM </span><br><br>“remind yourself that things that happen to you are not special. Hundreds have experienced it before you, and hundreds”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:28 PM </span><br><br>“remind yourself that things that happen to you are not special. Hundreds have experienced it before you, and hundreds more will once you’re gone.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _156_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:18:32 PM </span><br><br>“The Stoics advise to look at an object or a situation as objectively as possible. Stick to the facts and describe an event as value-free and as close to reality as possible.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _157_ | Monday, October 10, 2022 4:19:43 PM </span><br><br>“ask, ‘Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?’”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _158_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:40:12 AM </span><br><br>“ask, ‘Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?’ And if it’s not one of the things that you control, be ready with the reaction, ‘Then it’s none of my concern.’””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _158_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:40:17 AM </span><br><br>“two steps: First, spot our impressions and make sure we don’t get carried away immediately. Second, examine the impressions and calmly decide what to do next.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _159_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:42:14 AM </span><br><br>“you want to be. Don’t be the guy who shouts from the rooftops when done a just act. “Simply move on to”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:11 AM </span><br><br>“Don’t be the guy who shouts from the rooftops when done a just act. “Simply move on to the next deed just like the vine produces another bunch of grapes in the right season.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:16 AM </span><br><br>“It’s childish behavior to tell what good you’ve done.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:46:27 AM </span><br><br>“honor. “Do now what nature demands of you. Get right to it if that’s in your power. Don’t”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:47:02 AM </span><br><br>“what nature demands of you. Get right to it if that’s in your power. Don’t look around to see if people will know about it.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _162_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:47:05 AM </span><br><br>““What brings no benefit to the hive brings none to the bee.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _165_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:51:35 AM </span><br><br>“People do what seems right to them. If they do wrong, it’s because that’s what seems true to them.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _165_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:52:00 AM </span><br><br>““Whenever you take offense at someone’s wrongdoing, immediately turn to your own similar failings, such as seeing money as good, or pleasure, or a little fame—whatever form it takes.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:00 AM </span><br><br>““When you are offended at any man’s fault,” Epictetus tells us, “turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:47 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:56:56 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:57:00 AM </span><br><br>“when we judge others for their misbehavior, we’re actually not better at all. We just like to think we are.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _167_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:57:06 AM </span><br><br>“To err is human; to forgive, divine.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _168_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:58:07 AM </span><br><br>““to love even those who stumble.” He reminds himself of four things: (1) that the stumbling people are relatives, (2) they do wrong involuntarily, (3) we will all be dead soon anyway, and (4) we can only be harmed if we choose so.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _169_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:58:52 AM </span><br><br>““Bestow pardon for many things; seek pardon for none.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _169_ | Wednesday, October 12, 2022 6:59:04 AM </span><br><br>“It’s in your power to be kind to people. It’s in your power to stay true to your path and respond to evildoers with compassion, forgiveness, and kindness.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _171_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:01:46 AM </span><br><br>“pause and ask whether what’s been said is true. “Why is it an insult,” Seneca asks, “to be told what is self-evident?””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:09 AM </span><br><br>“let’s ask who insulted us? If it’s someone we respect, then we value her opinion and accept it as something we can actually improve on. If we don’t respect the source, then why bother? Seneca advises”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:22 AM </span><br><br>“let’s ask who insulted us? If it’s someone we respect, then we value her opinion and accept it as something we can actually improve on. If we don’t respect the source, then why bother?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:25 AM </span><br><br>“if a person insults us, we can be certain this person has a flawed and immature character.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:05:55 AM </span><br><br>““The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.” The best revenge is to let it go and be a better example.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _173_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:17 AM </span><br><br>“the art of acquiescence: we want to accept everything as it happens. Because it’s not under our control”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:39 AM </span><br><br>“the art of acquiescence: we want to accept everything as it happens. Because it’s not under our control and we can’t change it once it happened. Reality is as it is.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:06:42 AM </span><br><br>“It can be hard to find the right words, right? So the better”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _174_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:07:09 AM </span><br><br>““Who then is invincible? The one who cannot be upset by anything outside their reasoned choice.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _175_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 6:09:03 AM </span><br><br>“milk is fine to leave in the bottle. “The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing,” as encountered in Chapter 1, “because an artful life requires being prepared to meet and withstand sudden and unexpected attacks.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _176_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 8:17:35 AM </span><br><br>“getting angry is also a weakness, just as much as abandoning the task or surrendering under panic.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _177_ | Thursday, October 13, 2022 8:21:45 AM </span><br><br>““people will stand in your way.” When you’re installing new habits and try to make progress, others might not be as quick or even willing to follow along. Now it’s our challenge not to abandon our new path and, at the same time, not to abandon our friends and family.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:20:59 PM </span><br><br>““you must not abandon those other folks either. Don’t simply write them off or leave them in the dust. Don’t get mad or fight with them. After all, they’re at the same place you were not long ago.” Just because you read Wheat Belly and from”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:21:19 PM </span><br><br>““you must not abandon those other folks either. Don’t simply write them off or leave them in the dust. Don’t get mad or fight with them. After all, they’re at the same place you were not long ago.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _178_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:21:22 PM </span><br><br>“Find ways to stick to your new path. Don’t bend your values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:22:34 PM </span><br><br>“Before you react to whatever arouses anger within, say to yourself: “I buy tranquility instead.” Then smile, do what needs to get done, and move on with your life.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:26:54 PM </span><br><br>“the small things that usually irritate you are not worth the hassle.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _179_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:27:04 PM </span><br><br>“We’re often quick to judge.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _180_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:30:25 PM </span><br><br>“For the Stoics, it’s more important to love than to be loved.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _181_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:31:01 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:35 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:36 PM </span><br><br>“We judge people but don’t know the situation they’re in.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:33:40 PM </span><br><br>“Let’s take the Stoics’ advice by heart and always take a second before we judge others.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:35:26 PM </span><br><br>“peer pressure 101—we do things we usually wouldn’t do. We suddenly behave contrary to our values.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _182_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:39:20 PM </span><br><br>““Associate with people who are likely to improve you.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _183_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:39:47 PM </span><br><br>““The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _183_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:40:22 PM </span><br><br>“the idea to choose your company well is not only about the people you spend the lion’s share of your time with, but also about not wasting your precious time. Temptation and timewasters are lurking around the corner,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:41:30 PM </span><br><br>“the idea to choose your company well is not only about the people you spend the lion’s share of your time with, but also about not wasting your precious time.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:41:33 PM </span><br><br>“Until you know their reasons, how do you know that their actions are vicious?”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _184_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:42:04 PM </span><br><br>“Remember, you are only free if you can look at external events with indifference.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:42:58 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults, rather than be a way to rail against the faults of others.” Seneca reminds us here of what philosophy”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:07 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults,”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:10 PM </span><br><br>““Let philosophy scrape off your own faults, rather than be a way to rail against the faults of others.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _185_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:46:14 PM </span><br><br>““Often injustice lies in what you aren’t doing, not only in what you are doing.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:47:39 PM </span><br><br>“It’s when good citizens decline to get involved when evil will triumph.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:47:56 PM </span><br><br>““The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _186_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:48:01 PM </span><br><br>“It’s not enough to just not do evil. We must be a force for the good in the world, even in minor situations.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:35 PM </span><br><br>““Let silence be your goal for the most part; say only what is necessary, and be brief about it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:42 PM </span><br><br>“banalities”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:54 PM </span><br><br>“never about banalities”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:54:57 PM </span><br><br>“We like to talk about ourselves. So we don’t really listen to what’s being said, but we prepare for when it’s our turn.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _188_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:55:36 PM </span><br><br>“And if we speak about others, then it’s most certainly about something they don’t do well. We gossip.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:55:41 PM </span><br><br>“Nobody wants to hear your exaggerated high school, sports, and party stories. It’s annoying and self-absorbed.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:56:48 PM </span><br><br>“speak only what you think is just, and always do so with kindness, modesty, and sincerity.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:00 PM </span><br><br>“The point is: Speak only when you’re certain that what you’ll say isn’t better left unsaid.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:08 PM </span><br><br>“Go into a conversation with the intention to listen for the most part.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:18 PM </span><br><br>“Connect with people. Don’t perform for them. Let them do most of the talking. Enjoy listening.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _189_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:57:27 PM </span><br><br>““Acquire the habit of attending carefully to what is being said by another, and of entering, so far as possible, into the mind of the speaker.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Saturday, October 15, 2022 5:58:20 PM </span><br><br>“Resist the urge to speak. Accept that something within you always wants to respond immediately.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:26:18 AM </span><br><br>““The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _190_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:27:53 AM </span><br><br>““Better to trip with the feet than with the tongue.””
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:29:27 AM </span><br><br>“"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one."”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:01 AM </span><br><br>“There’s great danger, he says, to talk about what you’ve learned. Because you might vomit up what’s not yet digested.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:25 AM </span><br><br>“Show, don’t tell, what you’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:47 AM </span><br><br>“we shouldn’t talk about what isn’t yet fully digested, but show the acts which come from digesting the theory. Show, don’t tell, what you’ve learned.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _191_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:31:52 AM </span><br><br>“Ask yourself: “Who do I want to be in the world out there?” And then live by”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:34:09 AM </span><br><br>“Ask yourself: “Who do I want to be in the world out there?” And then live by it.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 9:34:12 AM </span><br><br>“If you live by your beliefs and standards you’ll be in a harmony called cognitive consonance.”
<br><span style='font-size:12px'>Page No.  _192_ | Sunday, October 16, 2022 10:30:18 PM </span><br><br>